That is, you want to say that you can dare and try to capture Kyiv Well, first you need to split everything that was driven there there is a cemetery of European equipment there our Drone flew over the roads Yes, this is the facade on both sides there is this equipment Western Western tech A huge huge amount sluzh if if so much Western equipment was killed there So why can't Russia still recapture its Kursk region Hello Hi where are you from what are you wearing a hat you don't remember anything anymore yeah This is my brother we are two streaming here in turns what are you Twins or something yeah d b Well, for three, just Stream two Yes, with your brother, oh-oh-oh, we spent an hour hammering out Russian-Ukrainian relations, but he lives in Ukraine I live in Lithuania It's just that we have three brothers, yes, you communicated with the one with Ukraine Yes, yes, yes we have one brother in Ukraine, I'm in Lithuania and another one is in Latvia He'll be going to Roulette tomorrow How are you How did you distribute yourself well well that's how it turned out yes Well he is he is really a Russophobe straight out  full Yes
he is this I am a moderate Russophobe Yes I am
in Lithuania and he is in Ukraine he is generally like
that he is from the city of Khmelnitsky I think he
says Yes he imagines that he is such a
Russophobe Russophobia It's just that I am a moderate
Russophobe Well how can I tell you Well
let's get to know where you are from  where
from what city saratov Saratov understood
saratovets And how are you saratovets you ruo who are
you You
know I don't know how to express yourself to you Well I'm
fine with us you can't be
someone special to stand out in some way Well somehow I
feel fine here with us  many
nationalities, though I only speak
Russian, I And who are you by
nationality, by vol? Well, consider yourself
Russian, consider yourself Ru And
who did your parents consider
themselves to be? Well, you know, your mother was Russian, your father
was recorded at one time, I remember his
passport was Ukrainian, it
was written that you are half
Ukrainian  No, I No, I I generally
think that I am Russian by nature And we don't have no
passport I am a citizen of the Russian
Federation Yes but the blood is not found
half you are Ukrainian you are no longer a pure
Russian you see Yes  I don't even know maybe
my father is me I remember pa Maybe it
was written Tatar maybe A look
maybe maybe mom mom yes she was also
recorded as Russian she is also Ukrainian
Imagine yes
Noru
ru AT is not at all zero
Yeah well I'm in  we don't have a problem with that
Well, how have you ever seen a purely
Russian purely Russian
even the President
says if you say that you are Russian But
if you take me to the bathhouse to rub it down there it's
good you look like a Tatar
super Yes, I get it  this is not a
problem for you this is not a problem for you the dollar
at 110
Yes yes and this is not a problem
Well well what is this well well this is this there this
Let those people who play on these
exchanges come please to the
Moscow Exchange come with dollars
buy out at the rate ours  rubles we
make profitable and then for rubles you can buy whatever you want from us
wait I'm right I
understood your stand-up speech correctly
Yes what come with your dollars to
us at the Moscow Exchange and sell Yes
no  Buy buy rubles yes yes yes Well, with
dollars buy rubles Yes yes we give you a
good rate No well they come with yuan
wait the Chinese with yuan they come in other places with
Rumi they come no one gets offended
somehow you have to trade something any
trade is provided by money Those who
need to come  buy rubles We
offer a good rate So we do
n't feel sorry for rubles buy rubles and then with
these
rubles what is there the subsoil is of interest what is
there look the question buy rubles in general
try to
Where these wooden then back to
dollars or yuan How to
buy Well you buy rubles rubles you  you
will return these rubles to us again you will buy
something there this is there Gas Oil And we will buy
something there from them for rupees for yuan there for dollars
well such Nobody is
forcing anyone nobody is forcing anyone to love
our convertible ruble nobody is
forcing you look  you don't have any
currency, your ruble is not convertible
even on it it says look no
Take it do you have any rubles
Take a bill
Show it Yes I know I have a Mir card
I have a Bank of Russia ticket written on the rubles
it is a Ticket it is not a ruble it is a
ticket rubles it is a Ticket Well it just
says ticket ban What is this  so a ticket
Well all this is a ticket It's like a ticket for a tram You
see a ticket for a tram Well
why do you have a
ticket of the Bank of Russia written on your rubles I bought a ticket
Why to ride a tram not on foot
that you bought a ticket and you won't go near the tram
Okay where  the conductor will ask a question
because I am starting to develop
Russophobia like my Ukrainian brother yes
but I we Lithuanians are calm we are like
uh on the oak and that's it and we went on without
any hatred a very interesting question for you
How do you think
Russia's failure in Syria Who is to blame  there is
no failure there we we
we are Russians Well we can't be anymore
the Syrians will figure it out we had an invasion
of the Su We didn't shout failure failure
feasted everything there further
sunzhe how are these areas even they didn't get to this like Korneva another area no that's all so in sunzhe they squeezed them now now we are trying to knock them out of there that's where the fighting is going from sunzhe Sumy Chernigov is being captured Well in general the whole district right up to the Kyiv region this will develop still this is the northern part northern part That is to say that you want to say that you can dare and try to capture Kyiv Well, first you need to split everything that was driven there there is a cemetery of European equipment there our Drone flew flying over the roads Yes this is a landing on both sides there there this equipment Western Western those Huge huge amount with if there so much Western equipment was killed So why can't Russia still win back its Kursk region well wait 53 countries are fighting with us led by the United [music] States quickly unscrewed the head of those 53 countries Sanya So you admit that you are weaklings against the United States, yes, weaklings, where are we, well ...  not that
they missed it's shameful missed you
entered how much Oh how deep Wait
wait that's shameful how They went in went in
Yes to Pyaterochka Yes never pay
candy full in your mouth from know that's how that's
how people don't treat it's obvious
that they took  pam look specifically at
the monument to Pushkin yes yes no at all
monument to Lenin there was a monument to Lenin there was a dream
they didn't take it and
argue why
this is [ __ ] here the Russian army doesn't
touch monuments in Ukraine at all Yes
we don't touch anything absolutely you don't
touch anything yes yes nothing  touch Yes,
but the Ukrainians come and the Lenin monument
is horrifying Well, one monument stood,
why did it catch your eye, an
ordinary regional village Yes,
and here is a monument Well, I'll explain why
Because look, the law on decommunization was adopted in Ukraine
because Sudzha
is now Ukraine Yes  therefore the territory
is being brought into compliance with the law on
decommunization and that's it and the monument
was demolished within the framework of
the law Well, never mind We have our own law
denazification
we we they demolished the monument and we them there is the Olginsky forest there they squeezed in that's what they were there how they didn't think to leave 1500 there settled down and a ravine I looked at it on the map they offered them a route up the mountain and that well they wanted to break out the truth they didn't break out that way I I do understand correctly that you have already been released Thousands of them there uh-huh Doc So you uh-huh Doc half a thousand is undergoing denazification How long did it take for haikali to get well a week more probably in a week I understood in a week listen Do you have such y No well firstly it is not so so fast They were surrounded but first they had their equipment knocked out then they lost when they tried to get out groups created assault groups on this they were caught and so in the end everyone then I understood that it turns out in a week half a thousand But you already in a month should have reached Kyiv at such a pace Well listen well Why should we rush Well where should we demonstratively crush the Americans on the territory of Ukraine slowly stop  stop on the territory of Russia You are
already on the territory now the Americans are
demonstratively putting pressure on Russia on the territory of
Russia Well I told you so here is the Sudzhensky
district This is the forest And in general this is how much of
all sorts of all sorts of
this is German technology and America there is
mainly American German technology
Well there is French  in general,
the three-wheeler lay on its side before the first bump
and you can't lift it up with anything else there
's a tank on three car wheels
Well, how do you say it little by little We're sorting
it out I'm in Lithuania on our television
I'm watching you wait I'm talking about Syria the
same thing happened in Syria they  there
they also prepared according to the
American principle, the same
as they did, with flying groups, they burst in and
shot Well, they have already been cut off Well, then there
will be a rollback again, of course, this is destruction
[music]
rollback rollback rollback So yes Question
war is war su Yes, we have this
on television in  Lithuania was shown that
Russia launched some missile into
Ukraine with a funny name there
or something like that
and I see  and there is still no news
that it destroyed it turns out that it
didn't
destroy anything I don't know I'm not a missile man I'm a
pensioner Well I don't know Putin once bragged about
a birdhouse or a kokoshnik that's what this
rocket was called And what about Furlo And what about
all this  superweapon in short everyone is laughing
now Ukraine is laughing America is laughing
We in Lithuania are laughing
cucumber in my opinion Well yes yes yes yes And
you know, the one who laughs best is the one who
laughs last And you are laughing for the first time
But when Russians have nothing to say
they start Well  yes, we'll see, we'll see, yes, not
yet a victim, not yet law And so on,
yes That is, since then, When we'll see, we've
lost territory near Kiev,
in Kherson, we've lost it in Kharkov, now we
've even lost it on Russian territory, what did we lose, we
took advantage of it in the twenty-second year,
while  Zaluzhny and Zelensky were grilling shashlik
We came well from Crimea Changar Armyansk
is Zaporizhzhya NPP six reactors  Oh, well, that is to say, yes,
you are Yes, it's not that you are looking
You are like Hitler Yes, without declaring war, you
attacked us, of course, a friendly
Brotherly people Yes, after that, you were
given a beating near Kiev, in Kherson, in the
Kharkov region, now they are giving you one in Kursk
and that's it, that is, look at everything  what could you do
Yes, you attacked without warning
took there in short come in now made a
raid raid raid And now you can't reina
Kursk region Why is
that Why can't you
win back Kursk region Why Why did she
give you Kursk region Kursk
region Bolshaya and Zaporozhye
big yes And why did I just now
say there are 17,000 pieces of equipment
left only European and
American well according to your calculations
you have been telling this tale for 3
years now How much more do we need to finish
this
finally what will we finish we what do
we have Titan our waste  Well, no,
how much do you need? A month, 2-3 days, a year, 10
years. I dont know how it will go. Im from where. Well,
thats how you feel. Thats how you feel.
grinder You need decades more
to reach the end of the year fly by and
unnoticed How good how many years do you need
to liberate the Kursk
region Who knows
how many here is the order I heard that there is an
order from Zelensky
to stay in this Kursk region until
January 20 When will Inara be  tram for cheni
trump to throw out Ukraine from Kursk region I
don't know A And why exactly Ukraine took the
nut and knocked out the whole Kursk region like that
nut and that's it Well and
that's it Well in general why does it turn out Putin
is afraid Putin is afraid of America Because
if Putin weren't afraid of America he would be in
the answer hit Washington hazelnut you
understand took Washington New York forces no
no need
Dava
loan samen yet Our brother lives alone so that's
all And you Botha war has begun America is
not afraid America is shelling
the territory of Russia She says Ukrainians
Here you are with a missile hit Russia and
they beat  and they beat us and they show us on
TV in Lithuania look they hit us And we are
like that and that's it And Russia is with us look we
First  thought that Russia would take
a bomb in response or launch some kind of nutcracker at
least on Berlin, you understand But Russia can't do it
We all understood with us You yourself
what country are you in I am in Lithuania in Lithuania in
Lithuania Lithuania
Lithuania I understand Lithuania with us look at ours
Here  this leader
Ursula vonderlein
she is Ursula this is the
She-Bear she is so she is a gynecologist gynecologist
she in Russian she in Russian
stuck her hand and grabbed with a death grip What are
you doing now in the image
went into the image Yes so look so here's
what I'll
tell you are you afraid you  are you afraid are you afraid of
America Well, agree, it's scary
America is scary scary America is scary you are
America Are you afraid of America
Are you afraid of America Are you afraid of America Are you afraid of America Are you afraid of fights Well,
admit it, not a single look on
American territory, not a single drone, not a single missile,
no one dies even on
European territory, you are afraid Are you afraid to even launch a
Drone, what kind of  -they would have launched a mine somewhere on
Warsaw. But they
didnt launch it.  I would go to Berlin just to
Berlin so that in the rest like this
symbolically so that the drone would hit the rest
and everyone would understand everything and you are afraid Stalin would not be
afraid Stalin would have taken sent a tank
division and would have reached the Mansha And you
are afraid Are you afraid Scholz that at first he
was also afraid And now  he understands everything
because first the Duma They thought that
Russia was such a nutcase as under Stalin that
they would take tanks to Prague artillery to
Budapest daman
division no no everything no you understand
nobody nobody is afraid of you nobody is afraid
you understand Russia turned from
a superpower into a laughing stock nobody  you are not
afraid, you just understand, everyone is giving Ukraine
weapons to strike at Russian
territory, they are not hiding, at first they were hiding,
like no, we will give it, we will not give it, it is not ours, but
now they are directly stating that we have given
Ukraine weapons to strike at the territory of the
Russian Federation, long-range missiles
can be used to strike at the Bryansk region, the Kursk
region, even  in Moscow you saw that the
Komsomols were reaching the Moscow region
and that the Russian General Staff
declared a strike  there will be
an escalation in the American attacks all the red lines have turned
brown you know brown Why did the
Americans strike and admit that their
weapons hit Russian territory how
did Russia react
how did we do it we gave a
warning and this is America
launched a second missile at Russia
there are only 50 of them with what  -that missiles Well, that
means 50 50 something plus one have
already been launched, you understand,
well, ours shoots them down very well Well, how does it shoot them down Yes,
your airfields shoot them down Yes, they shoot them down at home
You watch military reports Here they
pulled up from
somewhere around Chasov Yar  Ugledar then they
pulled these atoms very close
and launched
decoys at Crimea first then more Well, in
general, 15 of these, more than even these, to
break through the defense and not a single one flew through
all our dashing guys destroyed
over Crimea Well, of course, it's unpleasant, all right,
well, well  Sash It
didn't work out to hit from under Tishka, I understand So not
everything Not everything is smooth with these ats,
I understand yet  I'm interested in this question I
heard that Putin says that BRICS will
make its own currency different from the dollar,
resist
you against the dollar, in short, yes, Trump
will immediately impose 100% taxes on goods from this
country India has already stated and Brazil that
they didn't even think about doing something like you
do
comment well for trump This is of
course very unpleasant he spreads his
dollar inflation all over the world
and nothing It looks like this
But if the BRICS countries organize
mutual payments there and
refuse Yes this is inflation very dollar
ska is right to be afraid right Well the
BRICS countries all responded that they
don't even  they think to make
currency already payments went payments went in
what currency payments went in what
payments
went there they called the Brix currency somehow I
well you Go there like Brix currency Well
tell me what the currency is called Brix Well so in
my opinion even the currency is called Brix
now  I understand I have Now I
will ask the voice
assistant I wonder the currency checked the
terminal in Kazan there was already a terminal and
everyone paid there though at first
they won't  throw billions because it is necessary for the
Armed Forces to work reliably. This system works. Well, it
checks for
little things. It is
interesting. It is interesting. They
were going to Kazan in vain because
something. They need to start paying for something.
This is a waste
of time. Well, this does not concern the Americans. This
means that maybe they are right.
Americans or else they will start
putting some kind of spokes in the wheels again about
Trump is already threatening I will impose 100%
taxation on everyone
Well, you
know,
bye Well, listen well, the American is
to blame himself, the Europeans themselves Why did they
impose illegal sanctions against us? And what's more, it's not
our fault, let's listen to the
voice assistant now  I'll ask I'm even
interested in what the currency Brix is called and is
there really such a
currency where from
That's it Well we tried the term and
paid
Ivanka Please tell me what the
currency Brix is called if it
exists I answer the currency Brix is called
[ __ ] there are bills one [ __ ] two [ __ ]
neka five [ __ ] neko and 10 [ __ ] neko  the
bill for the hundredth year is called [ __ ] neko
[ __ ] Yes She says that the currency Brix
is called
[ __ ] There is a bill one [ __ ] two goni
niks 10 gov Yes buy goni it's called
interesting I got it I got it Don't like it don't
like it you're already carried away no no Well the
voice assistant said interesting
currency And why did they
call it that I don't know why  why to you
because here is one mane one horse
Yes it was like a commodity So and [ __ ]
why did they call the currency Brix do you know
who cleans who in the Baltics their goldsmith
calls that is the currency Bri gonik It's
quite
interesting they
clean And what else will you tell me then
that Gazprom  got huge losses for the
year's results this is called zloty
tell me why Gazprom got losses
this year and last
year what did Gazprom get losses
last year and this year
Why wait what loss now
such
huge payments have gone gas this is in winter this is the
offer from  which no one can
refuse Vladimir Vladimirovich
now has money like snow Tae gas coal oil
Yes we now have the most enormous earnings
What do you have with us  that's why the budget became a
surplus ruble convertible
because it's winter
you know you really are the most awesome
Petrosyan Petrosyan something like roulette I'm talking to you so
give it to him he says we have a budget surplus
we have in short Gazprom before winter there is
almost raking in money with shovels
Go ahead grandpa
That's it I'm not  I can with him just Let's
like squeak comment write to my Telegram
right now axis VN
apok this is very and very important YouTube is busy with
us through SR n and very many videos I don't
show to people at times I don't show
information about streams so that
we Mali promptly write links
right now and while there in telegram okm video there is
also interesting and useful information and we are
sorry for you trimati give operational
links
independently in that will show you about This
YouTube Glory to Ukraine  subscribe